{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red100\green100\blue100;\red251\green251\blue251;\red26\green26\blue26;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c46667\c46667\c46667;\cssrgb\c98824\c98824\c98824;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 PORTFOLIO\

\b0 \

\b Web Design\
The APP\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 The Almost Perfect Picker (APP) web app. The purpose\'a0
\i The APP,
\i0 \'a0was to ensure you receive a hassle free movie, of, on which you weren't already deciding.\cb1 \
\cb3 Our APP is directly connected to Netflix, with our code being parced through OMDB to ensure a mid to high rating for our selected movie, with which we pass on to you for your viewing pleasure.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 \
Who Are You\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 A simple little game of 20 questions in the form of online cards, with a series of questions being safe and friendly, while the other series are more risqu\'e9.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 \
Battle of the Gods\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 A simple game type web app created for me to better understand and manipulate Javascript functions, CSS animations, and HTML styling in general\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 \
Paper App\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 This web application was designed to give you a quick series of current Onion Related Articles taken from the Onion.\cb1 \
\cb3 I wished to create a neat series of UX functions.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl432\sa180\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Northwestern\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 A series of production for Northwestern University\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl432\sa180\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 PACO Collective\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 Paco Collective is a multi-cultural advertisement agency based in Chicago. They collaborate with a few other agencies and work with a series of reputable clients\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl432\sa180\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Blue Cross Blue Shield\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 Blue Cross and Blue Shield is one of the most well known premium health insurance companies in America.\'a0\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 La Reforma del Cuidado de Salud - Subt\'edtulos\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 :30 Subt\'edtulos campaign. Blue Cross and Blue Shield wanted the latino/hispanic community to know that they also speak Spanish.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Health Care Reform - Date Night\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 :30 Blue Cross and Blue Shield to remind people about specific healthcare "Dates".\'a0\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Vive A Lo M\'e1ximo -- No Te Quedes Con Las Ganas\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 :15 Blue Cross Blue Shield Campaign to explore the world and stay covered.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 "Care Fair" TV\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 :15 TV advertising a Health Care Fair where people can find answers to their Affordable Care Act questions.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl432\sa180\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 ComEd\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 Commonwealth Edison, otherwise known as ComEd,\'a0is the leading energy supplier in Illinois.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 "Retired" TV\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 The launch of ComEd's new ad campaign positions the benefits of energy efficiency from some unexpected players.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 P7SSIFYH30H converted\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 :30 launch of ComEd's new efficiency program\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 "Soda" TV\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 :30 TV on a tight budget. Advertises ComEd's Refrigerator Recycling Program\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 ComEd's Energy-Efficiency Programs Equal Savings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 :30 small budget ComEd Efficiency Ad.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 The Power of Peak Time Savings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 :30 small budget TV Ad for ComEd's Energy Efficiency program.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 ComEd Presents a Community That Illuminates\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 :30 ComEd STEM program\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl432\sa180\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf4 \strokec4 Crown Imports\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 Crown Imports is the Parent label for famous central american beers such as Corona, Victoria, Pacifico, and more.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl432\sa180\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 \
FredericDotGG\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 Frederic.GG is an online streamer who currently plays League of Legends\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl432\sa180\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 \
Devils Due Publishing\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 Devil's Due Publishing (DDP) is a Comic Book company that has worked to produce some great stories and works over the years. DDP also owns Popcult.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl432\sa180\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 \
XS Energy By AMWAY\
\
Masterweld\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 Masterweld is a welding manufacturer based on the Westside of Chicago\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl432\sa180\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 \
Typography\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 A series of experimental typographical characters\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl432\sa180\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Cinematics\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 Short Runnings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Short film done in 3 days\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl432\sa180\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Publications\
\
\
2016 Art\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 A Series of paintings I did during 2016. This consisted of heavy abstraction and cartooning.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl432\sa180\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf4 \strokec4 2016 Photography\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 1 - 8 photographs are of light moving in the sky.\cb1 \
\cb3 9 - 10 are photographs of Sara Stubblefield,\'a0an amazing photographer and designer based in Seatlle. You can find her work atwww.etsy.com/shop/sstubblefield. Also you can follow her on Instagram: @SaraStubblefield.\cb1 \
\cb3 11 - 12 are photographs of Chris Robles,\'a0an Air Force Plane Engineer. I decided to photograph him before he left for the middle half of his life to pursue his mIlitary conquest.\cb1 \
\cb3 13 are photograph of Alberto Torres, a Chicago Chef and Artist. When he's not cooking he's creating amazing pieces of line art and sketches.\cb1 \
\cb3 14-15 are photographs of Jocelyn Telles, a Young entrepreneur and outstanding Guatemalan Model based in Chicago. She has natural sense of position and movement and a very enjoyable personality to work with.\cb1 \
\cb3 15-16 are photographs of Analidia Moron, a Chicago Based Photographer, herself, sadly after this photoshoot I was unable to get into contact with her, to see how her career has blossomed.\cb1 \
\cb3 16-17 are photographs of Freddy Lee,\'a0a Modern Kung Fu Sifu. He's great at networking, and even greater at self-defense martial arts, and self meditation. If you're interested in learning Kung Fu\'97Choy Lay Fut, Wing Chun, Modern Hand to Hand combat and Locks, all mixed into one\'97he's the one to turn to. You can find his business on the far Northside of Chicago, and at freddiesmodernkungfu.com.\cb1 \
\cb3 18 is a photograph of Monica Pe\'f1a,\'a0a graphic designer based in Chicago and tremendously talented singer.\cb1 \
\cb3 19-23 are photographs of Allison W. is a Super Awesome Woman. Period. Series is called Movement. (co-photographer\'97Diana Ramos)\
\
\
\

\b About
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl528\sa220\partightenfactor0

\b\fs44 \cf4 \strokec4 Liam Mianma Fox\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 Liam Fox is a designer and avid geek with the ability to look totally legit\'97Though we are concerned it's all in his head;\'a0he's a complete fool, with a whole heart, and a tendency to know about topics regarding subjects in which he has little information\'97but really he just forgets what it was he learned.\'a0\
He enjoys conversing about subjects regarding the future, design, memes and life, and rarely of politics and religion, but always up to play devil's advocate if his vernacular doesn't fail him. He's been designing and arguing for over 10 years now;\'a0having theoretically lost at least 60% of all verbal battles, he still believes he's won each one with passive aggression. And when all is lost he puts that energy into his art.\'a0\
Having studied design in Secondary and University, he believes he has a strong understanding of typography, weight, placement, and creativity. Whether he does or not is always up to the client ...\'a0
\i 's cousin/son/artsy friend.
\i0 \
Always trying new things to get out of the feeling of already having tried something, Liam enjoys the idea of being a Jack of All Trades\'97and a student of all Masters.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 "Learning has always been enjoyable, and though not always accomplished quickly, nor easily, it feels great to see the product of your ventures"\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Is a quote that was totally not made up now, but spoken from the very lips of Liam as he was typing these words to make sure that it sounded legit.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl432\sa180\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf4 \strokec4 Awards\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 Most likely to lose the most students of 2006 (Officially)\
Platinum MarComm award, 2014 (
\fs32 ComEd STE Millumina) (PACO)
\fs28 \
Platinum MarComm award, 2014 (
\fs32 Gift of Hope Summer Event) (PACO)
\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl432\sa180\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf4 \strokec4 Skills and Program Knowledge\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 Adobe Photoshop,\'a0Adobe Illustrator,\'a0Adobe InDesign,\'a0Adobe Premiere,\'a0Adobe Muse,\'a0Final Cut Pro,\'a0Javascript, Node, ReactJS,\'a0 HTML & CSS and SCSS, Bootstrap,\'a0 Lightroom,\'a0Aperture,\'a0Audacity,\'a0 Garage Band, Large Format Plotters,\'a0Creative Concepting,\'a0Digital and Analog Photography,\'a0 Industrial Product Concepting and Design,\'a0Illustration and Vector Art,\'a0Infographics,\'a0Print and Typography,\'a0Print and Digital Advertisement and Manipulation,\'a0Audio and Video Editing,\'a0\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl432\sa180\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf4 \strokec4 Currently Studying\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 "As long as I live I will always be studying." -Liam Fox\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 System Administration, Command line, PHP, Python.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl432\sa180\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf4 \strokec4 Currently Attempting\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 Boxing and a poor attempt at Mixed Martial Arts, Archery, Skateboarding, Power Lifting, Japanese, Spanish, Horseback Riding, Kayaking, Magic the Gathering TCG, League of Legends (support), Rock Climbing and Bouldering, Yoga and Flexibility, Cycling, Video Gaming, Guitar,\'a0Piano and painfully, Vocals.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl432\sa180\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf4 \strokec4 Future Goals\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 Fly a plane, sail a boat, straddle a boar,\'a0lift 1,000lbs with 3 combined exercises (Bench Press, Deadlift, and Barbell Squat), Travel all continents and see the world, Publish a Novel, Record an album, Marksmen a 300m bullseye consistently,\'a0and so much more.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}